Good morning, family. I'm excited to be with you again today. I have a word for you.
First off, I want to say that the word I put out—that my wife read to you from Mina Jones—she messaged me through YouTube to say thank you for posting it.
I have never met her before; the word was sent to me by someone else and I just felt led to read it because I thought it was a powerful word.
Now, everyone is asking, "Do you know her? Is it dangerous representing someone else on your channel?"I have received all kinds of emails.
First of all, I show people grace. If she misses it and it doesn't happen, it is not damaging my channel.
I just felt like there was something strong about this word.
Her word about the economy crashing was exactly the way I saw it.
I'm going to tell you all, I had a supernatural visitation today that showed me even more of what's coming.
People say, "Well, you see stuff all the time."You're right, I do.
When you spend time daily with the Father, He will talk to you, tell you secret things, and visit you.
People may get jealous or critical, but the Lord will talk to you.
He is no respecter of persons, and what He does for one, He will do for another.
It takes time, character, and development; it is a Refiner's fire on your life.
He will not cast His pearls before swine. If your heart is bad, He won't visit.
The Bible says, "Blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see God."I'm telling you, He will visit you with mighty demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of God on a daily basis if you spend time with Him—not just praying inside of your heart, but being yielded.
If He comes to you, would you drop everything? "Yes, Lord. What do you need, Sir?
I'm here for you. What do you need me to do for you today, Lord?
I love you."A heart that is dedicated to Him, He will come and visit.
So, if Mina's word doesn't come to pass and there are no riots, remember that we see and hear in part.
There are layers to the prophetic; it's like an onion where you keep peeling the layers.
If all heck doesn't break loose and the economic storm doesn't happen on April 8th, I'm not throwing stones.
I feel she heard the Lord, so we're going to show grace and walk in love.
I have the right to put whoever I want on my channel, and I felt there was something to that word, especially regarding the economic crash.
Regarding the eclipse on April 8th, I personally do not believe in my spirit that anything will happen on that day. However, I have seen something regarding Passover.
The Lord told me there would be an acceleration of events taking place at that time—an acceleration in weather, the financial sector, and war.
This has been on me so strong in the last 48 hours. Praying for Israel, I saw chemical weapons being smuggled out of a cave in Iran.
They were traveling in an old truck, not like the big diesel semi-trucks we have on our highways.
This truck was carrying 50-gallon drums of biological material.
It came out of a cave that was like a massive military complex deep underground.
I feel a check in my spirit not to say more about that right now.
We should pray for the protection of Israel against attacks, as there is a high alert in the spirit realm concerning this.
We should intercede for the protection of God's people. People ask me about my prayer blanket. I found this at Mardel, and the Lord told me to buy it.
I use it as my prayer blanket; I put it over my head so I'm not distracted by people walking around or my kids.
They know when I have that on, Daddy's in the War Room praying. It's like my timeout thing.
I feel there is an anointing on it, and I wouldn't be surprised if people were healed by touching it, like the handkerchiefs mentioned in the Bible.
It's just something special and private for me. There is a storm coming, and you don't know the intensity of it.
I'm going to say things today that I hope you're mature enough to hear.
The Lord is upset about how the United States and the Biden administration are handling Israel.
He felt grieved and heavy. He said to me, "Brandon, there's a great economic crisis coming. It's set in stone now."The grace meter has shifted.
God is a merciful God, but ultimately, the Lord showed me the economic crash in more depth today, and it really freaked me out.
I saw China conducting cyber warfare on our computer and electric grids.
I saw the Prince of Saudi Arabia and the BRICS nations joining up and becoming stronger.
I saw backroom deals and secret meetings taking place that the United States did not know about—alliances and covenants being formed between China, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Iraq, and OPEC to back China.
I saw China taking over Taiwan and the chip industry. I saw a complete meltdown of the supply chain and global trade.
Major superstores like Walmart, Target, and Costco were nearly empty of goods.
I heard the words, "worse than the 1930s Great Depression."I saw thousands of people protesting because government-funded welfare programs and food stamps were cut off.
They were rioting, pillaging, and destroying downtown shopping areas. There were so many people that you couldn't stop them all.
It was similar to the riots during COVID from that man who was suffocated, but it was everywhere and it was worse.
Then I saw martial law. I saw military vehicles and troops in full fatigues in the streets.
I saw barbed wire fences blocking off blocks in major cities like Philadelphia, Chicago, and New York.
I saw families fleeing the cities, trying to head south to get away from the anarchy.
I saw people growing their own gardens with squash and potatoes, protected by big fences to sustain their families.
People were relocating to rural areas in Oklahoma and Kansas.
I saw wealthy people trying to pawn off Rolex watches, diamond rings, and luxury cars like Ferraris and Lamborghinis because they were so overextended in debt that they could not afford their payments.
I saw land selling cheap and people bartering items like Gucci and Chanel bags just because they needed money.
It was awful. I saw a black, ribbon-like thing wrapping around that man in Saudi Arabia.
It was a demonic overshadowing, and I heard "Antichrist spirit"and "Antichrist agenda"preparing the way.
I saw a financial explosion and an economic boom coming to the Middle East.
I saw the auto industry suffer because the supply chain for electronic parts was cut off by a trade war.
I saw the dollar crash. But the Lord said, "I have compassion on my elect, the remnant who seek me daily.
You will lack no good thing if you abide in Me."I saw wealth coming to the body of Christ supernaturally.
The glorious church is rising. People are going to say, "Ichabod, the glory has departed,"but the Lord will never leave us.
There is a shaking coming to wake people up. Like a parent corrects a child, the Bible says God corrects those He loves.
America will be humbled. We are going to see things that haven't been seen in over a hundred years.
People ask why I'm focused on America; it's because America is about to be spanked. God is trying to get our attention because He loves us.
Recap: I don't feel anything will happen specifically at the eclipse, but I see an acceleration in April and major events in October.
I pray for mercy over our government, and I believe Trump will be in the White House because it's better than having a bozo in there.
I hope this blessed you all today. Father, I thank You that perfect love casts out all fear.
I call healing and wholeness over every person in this community. I call them awake from their slumber in Jesus'name.
Let us be busy about the Father's business, like the ant in the summer who knows winter's coming.
We trust Your word more than anything else. We will be the salt and we will minister to the people.
Greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world. Amen. Don't walk in fear. Jesus loves you, and we will see you next time.